Add WIP tip about configuring AD with two FreeNAS systems (#528)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/directoryservices.rst

* set either localtime or universal time at the BIOS level

Using a %brand% system as an AD server and connecting to it with a
%brand% client requires additional configuration. On the AD server, go
to
:menuselection:`System --> CAs`
and create a new internal or intermediate
:ref:`Certificate Authority (CA) <CAs>`. Click |ui-options| and
:guilabel:`View` for the CA and copy the :guilabel:`Certificate` and

> :guilabel:`Private Key`

Reviewer: Missing a period.

> Go to the client |web-ui| and click to

Reviewer: "On the client |web-ui|, select"

:menuselection:`Directory Services --> Active Directory --> Advanced`.
Set :guilabel:`Encryption Mode` to *TLS* and :guilabel:`SASL wrapping`
to *sign*. Go to
:menuselection:`System --> CAs`
and click |ui-add|. Create a unique :guilabel:`Identifier`, set
:guilabel:`Type` to *Import CA*, and paste the AD server CA certificate

> and private keys in the related fields. Click :guilabel:`Save` and

Reviewer: "related" is kind of vague.  I think we can just say "in those fields".

> continue configuring AD

Reviewer: Missing a period or maybe the end of this sentence.

   |                          | menu          |          |                                                                                                                               |
   |                          |               |          |                                                                                                                               |
   +--------------------------+---------------+----------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | Certificate              | drop-down menu| ✓        | Select the certificate of the Active Directory server if SSL connections are used. If a certificate does not exist, create    |
   |                          |               |          | a :ref:`Certificate Authority <CAs>`, then create a certificate on the Active Directory server. Import the certificate to the |

>    |                          |               |          | %brand% system with the :ref:`Certificates` menu.                                                                             |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    |                          |               |          | %brand% system using the :ref:`Certificates` menu.                                                                             |
```

Author: Fixing in local branch to avoid malformed table errors. Thanks for the suggestion!

Active Directory user needs immediate access to %brand%. This occurs
automatically once a day as a cron job.

Active Directory places restrictions on which characters are allowed in

> Domain and NetBIOS names, and limits the length of those names to 15

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 Domain and NetBIOS names, and limits the length of those names to fifteen
```
This isn't really an issue. Just a style preference. I've always used the words if the numbers are under a certain syllable count. The most important thing, however, is that it is consistent throughout the document. For example, either keep using digits for every number or use words for numbers that can be written in one word.

Author: I'll check again with Warren, but I think our current standard is to write numbers ten and less and use numerals for 11 and larger.

Author: Confirmed with Warren

characters. If there are problems connecting to the realm, `verify
<https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/909264/naming-conventions-in-active-directory-for-computers-domains-sites-and>`__
the settings do not include any disallowed characters. The Administrator
account password cannot contain the *$* character. If a *$* exists in

> the domain administrator password, :command:`kinit` will report a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 the domain administrator password, :command:`kinit` reports a
```

> "Password Incorrect" error and :command:`ldap_bind` will report an

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 "Password Incorrect" error and :command:`ldap_bind` reports an
```

Active Directory user needs immediate access to %brand%. This occurs
automatically once a day as a cron job.

> Active Directory places restrictions on which characters are allowed in

Reviewer: This needs to be more specific.

`` Active Directory does not allow :literal:`$` characters in Domain or NetBIOS names. The length of those names is also limited to 15 characters. ``

Domain and NetBIOS names, and limits the length of those names to 15

> characters. If there are problems connecting to the realm, `verify

Reviewer: The "If there are problems" sentence should probably start this whole paragraph, leading into explaining how only certain characters are allowed or not allowed.
